.TH "DataIn" 3 "12 Feb 2007" "CMOD" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
DataIn \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <dataIn.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataIn\fP (char *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataIn\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataIn\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~DataIn\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclear\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBReadTags\fP (int size)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBReadDummies\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBReadCharArray\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBGenInts\fP (int size)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBGenFloats\fP (int size)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBGenChars\fP (int size)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBReadInts\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBReadVarInts\fP (int, int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBReadFloats\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBReadFLong\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBReadArray\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBReadChars\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBReadChars2\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBopenFile\fP (char *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcloseFile\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrewindFile\fP (long \fBloc\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBfileLoc\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBRememberFileLoc\fP (int posNum, char *\fBfileName\fP, long &location)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSkip\fP (int size)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBReadBuffer\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBintVect\fP [100]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgIntVect\fP [100]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBfloatVect\fP [100]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBgFloatVect\fP [100]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBlongVect\fP [100]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBbuffer\fP [80]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBdummy\fP [30]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBcAr\fP [30]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBtag\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBarraySize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnameSize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpieceLength\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBloc\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double * \fBarray\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBfileName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBlib_file\fP [10]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBnameOf\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBnameOf2\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ifstream * \fBinputFile\fP = NULL"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetFileName\fP (char *)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "DataIn::DataIn (char *)"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References array, fileName, inputFile, nameOf, openFile(), and setFileName().
.SS "DataIn::DataIn (int)"
.PP
Definition at line 61 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References array, and nameOf.
.SS "DataIn::DataIn ()"
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References array, fileName, fileName, inputFile, nameOf, and setFileName().
.SS "DataIn::~\fBDataIn\fP ()"
.PP
Definition at line 94 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References array, clear(), inputFile, loc, and nameOf.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void DataIn::clear ()"
.PP
Definition at line 108 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References array, nameOf, and nameSize.
.PP
Referenced by ~DataIn().
.SS "void DataIn::closeFile ()"
.PP
Definition at line 158 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References inputFile.
.PP
Referenced by openFile().
.SS "long DataIn::fileLoc ()"
.PP
Definition at line 181 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References inputFile.
.PP
Referenced by EnvelopeBuilder(), Event::NumObjs(), and RememberFileLoc().
.SS "void DataIn::GenChars (int size)"
.PP
Definition at line 281 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References inputFile, nameOf, and nameSize.
.PP
Referenced by CharSequence().
.SS "void DataIn::GenFloats (int size)"
.PP
Definition at line 245 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References gFloatVect, and inputFile.
.PP
Referenced by Sequence().
.SS "void DataIn::GenInts (int size)"
.PP
Definition at line 263 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References gIntVect, and inputFile.
.PP
Referenced by EnvelopeBuilder(), Patter::GetPatty(), and Patter::InitPat().
.SS "void DataIn::openFile (char *)"
.PP
Definition at line 141 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References closeFile(), fileName, and inputFile.
.PP
Referenced by DataIn(), and RememberFileLoc().
.SS "void DataIn::ReadArray (int)"
.PP
Definition at line 385 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References array, dummy, and inputFile.
.SS "void DataIn::ReadBuffer ()"
.PP
Definition at line 476 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References buffer, and inputFile.
.PP
Referenced by Patter::Recorder().
.SS "void DataIn::ReadCharArray ()"
.PP
Definition at line 220 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References cAr, dummy, and inputFile.
.SS "void DataIn::ReadChars (int)"
.PP
Definition at line 426 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References dummy, inputFile, nameOf, and nameSize.
.PP
Referenced by Patter::Chooser(), Event::CopyName(), Patter::Delivery(), Event::DurationMethods(), Patter::Expand(), Event::NumObjs(), Patter::Nursery(), Event::PointsProbs(), and Event::Sweep3().
.SS "void DataIn::ReadChars2 (int)"
.PP
Definition at line 444 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References dummy, inputFile, nameOf2, and nameSize.
.SS "void DataIn::ReadDummies ()"
.PP
Definition at line 208 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References cAr, and inputFile.
.PP
Referenced by Event::CopyName(), Patter::Delivery(), Event::DurationMethods(), Patter::GetPatty(), Event::LayerDef(), Event::NumObjs(), Patter::Nursery(), and Event::PointsProbs().
.SS "void DataIn::ReadFloats (int)"
.PP
Definition at line 342 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References dummy, floatVect, and inputFile.
.PP
Referenced by Event::PointsProbs().
.SS "void DataIn::ReadFLong (int)"
.PP
Definition at line 364 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References dummy, inputFile, and longVect.
.SS "void DataIn::ReadInts (int)"
.PP
Definition at line 304 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References dummy, inputFile, and intVect.
.PP
Referenced by CharSequence(), Event::CopyName(), Patter::Equivalence(), Patter::GetPatty(), Patter::InitPat(), Event::LayerDef(), Patter::Nursery(), Event::PointsProbs(), Sequence(), and Event::Stimes().
.SS "void DataIn::ReadTags (int size)"
.PP
Definition at line 232 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References inputFile, and tag.
.SS "void DataIn::ReadVarInts (int, int)"
.PP
Definition at line 323 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References dummy, inputFile, and intVect.
.SS "void DataIn::RememberFileLoc (int positionNum, char * fileName, long & location)"
.PP
RememberFileLocation. Definition at line 191 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References fileLoc(), fileName, openFile(), and rewindFile().
.SS "void DataIn::rewindFile (long loc)"
.PP
Definition at line 171 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References inputFile.
.PP
Referenced by EnvelopeBuilder(), Event::NumObjs(), Patter::Recorder(), and RememberFileLoc().
.SS "void DataIn::setFileName (char *)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 131 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References fileName.
.PP
Referenced by DataIn().
.SS "void DataIn::Skip (int size)"
.PP
Definition at line 462 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
References buffer, and inputFile.
.PP
Referenced by Patter::GetPatty().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "double* \fBDataIn::array\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file dataIn.h.
.PP
Referenced by clear(), DataIn(), ReadArray(), and ~DataIn().
.SS "int \fBDataIn::arraySize\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 76 of file dataIn.h.
.SS "char \fBDataIn::buffer\fP[80]"
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file dataIn.h.
.PP
Referenced by ReadBuffer(), Patter::Recorder(), and Skip().
.SS "char \fBDataIn::cAr\fP[30]"
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file dataIn.h.
.PP
Referenced by ReadCharArray(), and ReadDummies().
.SS "char \fBDataIn::dummy\fP[30]"
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file dataIn.h.
.PP
Referenced by ReadArray(), ReadCharArray(), ReadChars(), ReadChars2(), ReadFloats(), ReadFLong(), ReadInts(), and ReadVarInts().
.SS "char* \fBDataIn::fileName\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file dataIn.h.
.PP
Referenced by DataIn(), and setFileName().
.SS "float \fBDataIn::floatVect\fP[100]"
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file dataIn.h.
.PP
Referenced by Event::PointsProbs(), and ReadFloats().
.SS "float \fBDataIn::gFloatVect\fP[100]"
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file dataIn.h.
.PP
Referenced by GenFloats(), and Sequence().
.SS "int \fBDataIn::gIntVect\fP[100]"
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file dataIn.h.
.PP
Referenced by EnvelopeBuilder(), GenInts(), Patter::GetPatty(), and Patter::InitPat().
.SS "ifstream * \fBDataIn::inputFile\fP = NULL\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file dataIn.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by closeFile(), DataIn(), fileLoc(), GenChars(), GenFloats(), GenInts(), openFile(), ReadArray(), ReadBuffer(), ReadCharArray(), ReadChars(), ReadChars2(), ReadDummies(), ReadFloats(), ReadFLong(), ReadInts(), ReadTags(), ReadVarInts(), rewindFile(), Skip(), and ~DataIn().
.SS "int \fBDataIn::intVect\fP[100]"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file dataIn.h.
.PP
Referenced by CharSequence(), Event::CopyName(), Patter::Equivalence(), Patter::GetPatty(), Patter::InitPat(), Event::LayerDef(), Patter::Nursery(), Event::PointsProbs(), ReadInts(), ReadVarInts(), Sequence(), and Event::Stimes().
.SS "char \fBDataIn::lib_file\fP[10]"
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file dataIn.h.
.SS "long \fBDataIn::loc\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file dataIn.h.
.PP
Referenced by ~DataIn().
.SS "long \fBDataIn::longVect\fP[100]"
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file dataIn.h.
.PP
Referenced by ReadFLong().
.SS "char** \fBDataIn::nameOf\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 84 of file dataIn.h.
.PP
Referenced by CharSequence(), Patter::Chooser(), clear(), Event::CopyName(), DataIn(), Patter::Delivery(), Event::DurationMethods(), Patter::Expand(), GenChars(), Event::NumObjs(), Patter::Nursery(), Event::PointsProbs(), ReadChars(), Event::Sweep3(), and ~DataIn().
.SS "char** \fBDataIn::nameOf2\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file dataIn.h.
.PP
Referenced by ReadChars2().
.SS "int \fBDataIn::nameSize\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file dataIn.h.
.PP
Referenced by clear(), GenChars(), ReadChars(), and ReadChars2().
.SS "int \fBDataIn::pieceLength\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file dataIn.h.
.SS "char \fBDataIn::tag\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file dataIn.h.
.PP
Referenced by ReadTags().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CMOD from the source code.
