.TH "High" 3 "12 Feb 2007" "CMOD" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
High \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <high.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBEvent\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBHigh\fP (float aStartTime, float aDuration, int aType, char *\fBaName\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBHigh\fP (const  \fBHigh\fP &origHigh)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~High\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBHigh\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const  \fBHigh\fP &origHigh)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclear\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBPrint\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBhighDensity\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "High::High (float aStartTime, float aDuration, int aType, char * aName)"
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file high.cpp.
.PP
References Event::aName, bottomID, highID, lowID, Event::setDensity(), Event::setDuration(), Event::setName(), Event::setStartTime(), and Event::setType().
.SS "High::High (const \fBHigh\fP & origHigh)"
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file high.cpp.
.PP
References bottomID, and highID.
.SS "High::~\fBHigh\fP ()"
.PP
Definition at line 90 of file high.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void High::clear ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Clears several internal structures in the \fBEvent\fP: nameType, maxTypes, layerDens, objsInLayer, remainObjs, typesInLayer, starTarray, probSieveArray, durArray, probDurArray Reimplemented from \fBEvent\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 101 of file high.cpp.
.SS "\fBHigh\fP& High::operator= (const \fBHigh\fP & origHigh)"
.PP
.SS "void High::Print ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBEvent\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 110 of file high.cpp.
.PP
References highID, outputFile, Event::theDuration, Event::theName, Event::theStartTime, and Event::uPerSec.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "double \fBHigh::highDensity\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file high.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CMOD from the source code.
