.TH "main.cpp" 3 "12 Feb 2007" "CMOD" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
main.cpp \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include '../../LASS/src/lib.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <cstdlib>\fP
.br
\fC#include <cmath>\fP
.br
\fC#include <ctime>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string>\fP
.br
\fC#include <iostream>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'dataIn.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'top.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'utility.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'random.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'piece.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'lexyacc/eventparser.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmain\fP (int argc, char **argv)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ofstream * \fBoutputFile\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "EnvelopeLibrary \fBenvlib_cmod\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Score \fBscore\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "vector< Reverb * > \fBreverbObjList\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumChan\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBnameFlag\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBfileName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsever\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCMODPiece\fP \fBPiece\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int main (int argc, char ** argv)"
.PP
This 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIargc\fP Count of arguments passed by shell/command line 
.br
\fIargv\fP Array of arguments set by shell/command line, as strings (char * 's) 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturn values:\fP
.RS 4
\fI0\fP On success 
.RE
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file main.cpp.
.PP
References EventFactory::Build(), envlib_cmod, CMODPiece::length, CMODPiece::numChannels, outputFile, Piece, CMODPiece::Print(), CMODPiece::sampleRate, CMODPiece::sampleSize, score, CMODPiece::scoreFlag, CMODPiece::title, and CMODPiece::topFile.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "EnvelopeLibrary \fBenvlib_cmod\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 61 of file main.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by FileValue::Evaluate(), and main().
.SS "char * \fBfileName\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file main.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by DataIn::DataIn(), DataIn::openFile(), and DataIn::RememberFileLoc().
.SS "char* \fBnameFlag\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file main.cpp.
.SS "int \fBnumChan\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file main.cpp.
.SS "ofstream* \fBoutputFile\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file main.cpp.
.SS "\fBCMODPiece\fP \fBPiece\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file main.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by EventFactory::Build(), EventFactory::EventFactory(), main(), and EventFactory::parse().
.SS "vector<Reverb *> \fBreverbObjList\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file main.cpp.
.SS "Score \fBscore\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file main.cpp.
.SS "int \fBsever\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file main.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Patter::Adjust(), Event::BuildSubEvents(), Patter::Chooser(), Patter::Delivery(), Patter::Distort(), Event::DurationMethods(), Sieve::Elements(), FileValue::Evaluate(), Patter::Expand(), Event::NewAttackMethods(), Event::NewDurationMethods(), Event::NewNumObjs(), Event::NumObjs(), Bottom::NumPart(), Patter::Nursery(), Event::PointsProbs(), Bottom::Rules(), Bottom::Spatialization(), Bottom::Spectrum(), Event::Sweep3(), Patter::Symmetries(), TestLibrary(), Event::TestNameType(), Bottom::ThreeStep(), and Sieve::Weights().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CMOD from the source code.
