.TH "Low" 3 "12 Feb 2007" "CMOD" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Low \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <low.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBEvent\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLow\fP (float aStartTime, float aDuration, int aType, char *\fBaName\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLow\fP (const  \fBLow\fP &origLow)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~Low\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLow\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const  \fBLow\fP &origLow)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclear\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBPrint\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBlowDensity\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Low::Low (float aStartTime, float aDuration, int aType, char * aName)"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file low.cpp.
.PP
References Event::aName, bottomID, lowID, Event::setDensity(), Event::setDuration(), Event::setName(), Event::setStartTime(), and Event::setType().
.SS "Low::Low (const \fBLow\fP & origLow)"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file low.cpp.
.PP
References bottomID, and lowID.
.SS "Low::~\fBLow\fP ()"
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file low.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void Low::clear ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Clears several internal structures in the \fBEvent\fP: nameType, maxTypes, layerDens, objsInLayer, remainObjs, typesInLayer, starTarray, probSieveArray, durArray, probDurArray Reimplemented from \fBEvent\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 100 of file low.cpp.
.SS "\fBLow\fP& Low::operator= (const \fBLow\fP & origLow)"
.PP
.SS "void Low::Print ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBEvent\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 109 of file low.cpp.
.PP
References lowID, outputFile, Event::theDuration, Event::theName, Event::theStartTime, and Event::uPerSec.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "double \fBLow::lowDensity\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file low.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CMOD from the source code.
