.TH "Top" 3 "12 Feb 2007" "CMOD" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Top \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <top.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBEvent\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTop\fP (char *\fBaName\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTop\fP (float aStartTime, float aDuration, int aType, char *\fBaName\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTop\fP (const  \fBTop\fP &origTop)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~Top\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclear\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetStartTime\fP (float aStartTime)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBSetDuration\fP (float aDuration)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBSetDens\fP (double aDensity)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBPrint\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBStimes\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBfileName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlevels\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlength\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Top::Top (char * aName)"
.PP
CONSTRUCTOR: Top. Empty, generic event; has only a name. Definition at line 48 of file top.cpp.
.PP
References Event::aName, Event::keepName, Event::objID, and Event::setName().
.SS "Top::Top (float aStartTime, float aDuration, int aType, char * aName)"
.PP
CONSTRUCTOR: Top (All fundamental information) Definition at line 61 of file top.cpp.
.PP
References Event::aName, Event::keepName, Event::setDuration(), Event::setName(), and setStartTime().
.SS "Top::Top (const \fBTop\fP & origTop)"
.PP
CONSTRUCTOR: Top (copy constructor) Definition at line 75 of file top.cpp.
.SS "Top::~\fBTop\fP ()"
.PP
DESTRUCTOR: ~Top Definition at line 85 of file top.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void Top::clear ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Clears several internal structures in the \fBEvent\fP: nameType, maxTypes, layerDens, objsInLayer, remainObjs, typesInLayer, starTarray, probSieveArray, durArray, probDurArray Reimplemented from \fBEvent\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 93 of file top.cpp.
.SS "void Top::Print ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Print Reimplemented from \fBEvent\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 136 of file top.cpp.
.PP
References outputFile, Event::theDuration, Event::theName, Event::theStartTime, and Event::uPerSec.
.SS "float Top::SetDens (double aDensity)"
.PP
Set the density of the top level Definition at line 107 of file top.cpp.
.PP
References Event::theDensity.
.SS "void Top::SetDuration (float aDuration)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
SetDuration Definition at line 126 of file top.cpp.
.PP
References Event::theDuration.
.SS "void Top::setStartTime (float aStartTime)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
SetStartTime Reimplemented from \fBEvent\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 117 of file top.cpp.
.PP
References Event::theStartTime.
.PP
Referenced by Top().
.SS "int Top::Stimes ()\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
\fBDeprecated\fP
.RS 4
DO NOT USE (Used to be private... not sure why it isn't anymore) 
.RE
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBEvent\fP.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBTop::fileName\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file top.h.
.SS "int \fBTop::length\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBEvent\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file top.h.
.SS "int \fBTop::levels\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBEvent\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file top.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CMOD from the source code.
